As for your comments on the latest draft of the paper, I have made some changes:
1) I agree that reporting 3 decimal places might be too many, since our discrepancy with experiment is much bigger. I can round the numbers more.
2) You were right that the uncertainty in my energy in Table 1 should be (8) not (08). 
3) I agree that I should explain what this nummber is, I am surprised that I didn't say anything about it in the caption to the table. I explained all the other parts of the table quite thoroughly except for the number coming from the present work!
4) There was an error in my DBOC calculation. It should be -0.27cm-1, not -0.50cm-1.
5) With the new DBOC correction we get a final theoretcal energy of 90832.244cm-1
6) The experimental energy in our paper was slightly wrong. After the spin-orbit lowering of 12.672508cm-1 is removed, we should get 90820.348 + 12.672508cm-1 = 90833.020508, not 90 833.008cm-1.
7) The new theoretical energy and new experimental energy differ by 0.777cm-1, so we are still within 1cm-1, even if we round the digits. :)
8) About the first paragraph, I could have been more specific about Be having an agreement of 0.059cm-1 and B having 0.13cm-1, but I was just rounding these to the nearest order of magnitude that they fall under. Be was accurate to within 10^-1 cm-1 and B was accurate to within 10^0 cm-1. Part of the sentence is "See Table II" where all the numbers are given precisely to much more digits. For the opening paragraph to the paper, I think it's ok to give the overview.
9) The error estimate for the DBOC correction is +/- 0.01cm-1, probably even much less. I can add this.
10) About the uncertainty estimate in the Breit+QED contribution. We have taken this value from Wim Klopper and David Tew's paper, and Klopper has not answered my email asking about it. There's also some people that are very skeptical about my uncertainty estimate of +/-0.8cm-1 on the non-relativistic clamped-nucleus energy. I am tempted to take the uncertainties on the ab initio calculations out for now. The largest uncertainty is by far coming from the non-relativistic clamped-nucleus energy, due to basis set extrapolation. People have been pushing me to go to aCV9Z. We do have an aV9Z basis set which I sent to you in a previous email, but the CV correction would take a long time to optimize and you said you were worried about linear dependencies. We could remove the exponents that are linearly dependent, but however optimiznig the exponents in MRCC will take a VERY long time because MRCC does not use the AO-based orbital transformation that MOLPRO uses, or CFOUR uses with ABCDTYPE=AOBASIS. The AO-MO transformation in MRCC scales as O(M^5) instead of O(M^4) for M orbitals, which is why it took us so long to do those CISD calculations for N and O. Have you tried using Psi4 to do the integrals and AO->MO transformation, and then MRCC to do the CISD using the MRCC interface that already comes with Psi4? This might be the fastest and best way to optmiize the CV correction to aV9Z (and also the aV7Z, and aV8Z for N, O, F and Ne).
11) I didn't have so much space to also put the C+ energy in the main paper, but it is in the supplementary material, which I sent you the PDF of.
12) About calculating C+ more accurately than C: I agree that's true for ECGs. For our approach the biggest source of error is the basis set error, and the C and C+ energies were both calculated with the same basis set, so C+ is not more accurate than C. In fact it might be a bit less accurate because the basis set was optimized for C, not for C+. For ECGs I do agree that C+ can be obtained much more accurately than C though. ECGs don't benefit as much from cancellation of errors when doing energy differences though (I think .. but could be wrong!).
